Welcome!
Welcome to this month’s broadcast!
Here is a little sample
of what will be contained in our program.
We’ll meet brothers and sisters
who’ve learned to see
and treat others impartially.
What helped them?
And how can all of us
be united in a divided world?
We’ll find out.
Have you ever needed
to muster up courage to do what’s right?
Are you enduring disappointment?
We’ll see what we can learn
from the example of Samuel.
And Jesus showed us
how to see the good in people,
to be loving and kind
just like a child.
That’s the message
of our new music video.
Yes, there’s much to look forward to
in this May 2020 edition
of JW Broadcasting®.
“Always Rejoice!” is the appealing theme
of this year’s conventions.
The Governing Body would like
to give you a preview of the program.
Let’s take a look.
Everyone wants to be happy.
But we all face problems,
problems that are hard to deal with.
So can you ever really be happy?
At the 2020 convention
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
you will learn how to find joy,
even when life is hard,
and how God has made it possible
for us to be happy now and forever!
Happiness might seem
hard to find, but it isn’t!
Come and see for yourself!
That preview reminds us
of the wonderful convention program
of last year,
including the feature Bible drama
about faithful Josiah.
What was involved in producing that drama?
Please watch the following video
that reveals what transpired
behind the scenes.
Where do you begin an important project
like The Story of Josiah:
Love Jehovah; Hate What Is Bad?
You begin with prayerful consideration.
It’s a serious responsibility
—part of being loyal to Jehovah and his Word.
Therefore, many hours
of careful research goes into the first step:
writing a script.
The script is then visualized
through a step called storyboarding.
But it’s not just
the script and storyboarding
that requires attention to accuracy.
Costumes must be thoroughly
researched so that their components,
styles, colors, and even the types of fabric
appear as historically accurate as possible.
The production must also
accurately depict the times
being represented while making
the best use of donated funds.
How can this be done?
For The Story of Josiah,
the solution was to film at Bethel locations,
such as the studio spaces at Mount Ebo.
Set construction began early in 2018.
The production team designed
and built three flexible sets
so that with easy prop adjustments,
they could be in multiple locations.
Even the exterior Jerusalem city scenes
were filmed indoors.
Many brothers and sisters
from local congregations
served as extras for the crowd scenes.
With an eye to Biblical
and historical accuracy,
the makeup team transformed the actors
into characters from King Josiah’s time.
There were so many details to get right.
For a large portion of the drama,
filming in front of a green screen
enabled the visual effects team
to construct accurate environments digitally.
Many layers of character action,
called plates, were assembled
with digital environments
to produce complex visuals.
For the closing festival scene,
which required 14,000 Israelites
and many sheep,
3D models were made
and duplicated to simulate the large crowd.
In July 2018, the production packed up
and moved to an outdoor location
at Watchtower Farms in Wallkill, New York.
And action!
In August, the last scene was filmed
back at the Mount Ebo studio.
After 45 days of filming
and with over 4 terabytes
of footage captured,
the team had finished production.
The project moved to the editing
facilities at Patterson, New York.
But what more could be done
so that the account portrayed
could touch our hearts?
A colorist applied a look to the overall film
to enhance the picture’s quality and mood.
You have to get better.
I’m afraid of being alone.
Additional sound effects, such as footsteps
and the sound of dry grass being rustled,
were recorded to make the on-screen
action more natural and compelling.
Finally, the musical soundtrack was composed,
recorded, and added to the movie
to enhance the appeal to our hearts.
The work on The Story of Josiah:
Love Jehovah; Hate What Is Bad
was done to strengthen
Jehovah’s people worldwide.
You’re not alone.
Jehovah is with you.
This powerful story also assists parents
as they teach their children
the power of God’s Word and promise.
“These words that I am commanding you today
“must be on your heart,
“and you must inculcate them in your sons
“and speak of them when you sit in your house
“and when you walk on the road
and when you lie down and when you get up.”
“So that it may always go well with you
“and your sons after you,
“because you are doing what is good
and right in the eyes of Jehovah your God.”
The Story of Josiah has proven
to be yet another example
of how Jehovah continues to provide
abundant spiritual food and support
for his people worldwide.
That video certainly
brought the Bible account
to life for us!
You may want to go back and review
the full-feature Bible drama again
from our website.
We might mention
that we’ve had just a few parents
write in expressing concern
that some of our videos depict scenes
that could have an effect on children
who’ve been protected from anything
even hinting at an act of violence.
We very much appreciate the concern.
However, when portraying a Bible account,
we cannot ignore the message Jehovah saw fit
to preserve in his Word.
We don’t feel comfortable watering down
the inspired insight that Jehovah
has preserved for the benefit
of true worshippers.
However, as you’ve observed,
we do so as tastefully as possible.
We don’t show
actual violent acts or bloodshed.
A Scriptural precedent might be found
in 2 Chronicles 20:13.
Jehoshaphat was describing
a great crowd of enemy nations
that were about to launch
an attack against God’s people.
He described
the possible disaster quite graphically,
referring to the possibility
of death by the sword,
by pestilence, or by famine.
Who was he sharing
this disturbing information with?
Second Chronicles 20:13 tells us:
“Meanwhile, all those of Judah
“were standing before Jehovah,
“along with their little ones,
their wives, and their children.”
Jehovah wanted all, including the young ones,
to understand what was coming.
Parents likewise need to give their children
a realistic idea
of what we all will face in the near future.
Many parents choose
to help their children appreciate
the graphic visual imagery
of a Bible-based video,
while at the same time
building trust in Jehovah,
who will be with them in times of distress.
This is similar to what they’d do
when reading a graphic Biblical account
to their children from the Scriptures,
such as from the book of Revelation.
Be assured
that we’ll continue to be sensitive
to the feelings of you parents
when we produce a video
that’s based on a Bible account
that includes descriptions of warfare
or other incidents of violent actions.
We’ll do so with care,
while not ignoring the powerful details
depicted in the inspired Word of God.
The theme for this program is
“Be Childlike—But Not Childish!”
First Corinthians 14:20
is our theme scripture:
“Brothers, do not become
young children in your understanding,
“but be young children as to badness;
and become full-grown in your understanding.”
In this single verse,
we’re told not to be
like a young child in one way
and we’re told to be
like a young child in another way.
We should not be like a child
when it comes to understanding,
and we should be like a child
when it comes to badness.
During this discussion,
let’s focus on three ways
we should not be like a child
and then let’s talk about three ways
we should be like a child.
Please turn to Hebrews 5:13, 14,
and let’s identify negative trait number one
that we do not want to imitate:
“For everyone who continues to feed on milk
“is unacquainted
with the word of righteousness,
“for he is a young child.
“But solid food belongs to mature people,
“to those who through use
have their powers of discernment trained
to distinguish both right and wrong.”
So the negative trait that children have
is immature feeding habits.
Think about it: Young children
have a tendency to eat what they like
regardless of its nutritional value.
Most young ones would be perfectly happy
eating ice cream, candy, cookies,
and other sweets for all of their meals.
But now we ask,
What do our spiritual appetites
and feeding habits reveal about us?
Consider: How do we spend our free time?
Do we squander
voluminous hours watching television
or reading material that provides
little or no spiritual nutrition?
Or do we make wise use of our free time
to take in solid spiritual food?
When we receive
a new issue of The Watchtower,
do we merely scan through it,
looking at a few highlights,
and then do something else?
Do we take time
to research deeper spiritual truths
so as to fully understand them?
Do we take time to really meditate?
Meditation is not daydreaming.
Meditation is bridled, focused thought.
Pause your reading to ask questions such as:
‘What does this teach me about Jehovah?
‘With whom could I share this information?
‘What’s Jehovah telling me?
‘How does this fit in with other things
I know about this subject?
How can I make application?’
James 1:25 encourages us
to peer into God’s Word.
According to the Reference Bible,
‘peer’ literally means to ‘stoop beside.’
To illustrate:
Simply reading through the Bible
could be likened to walking quickly
through the world’s greatest museum
and periodically glancing
at the various displays.
You will learn something.
But meditatively peering into God’s Word
can be likened to stopping
all along the museum route
and even stooping down
and closely examining from different angles
the artifacts, exhibitions, and displays.
Now our knowledge and appreciation
are going to be enhanced much more.
Yes, our spiritual appetite
and feeding habits
reveal much about whether
we have done away
with the trait of a young child, namely,
immature feeding habits.
Now please turn to Ephesians 4:14.
Let’s discern from this scripture
negative trait number two
that we don’t want to imitate:
“So we should no longer be children,
“tossed about as by waves
and carried here and there
“by every wind of teaching
by means of the trickery of men,
by means of cunning in deceptive schemes.”
So, what’s the negative trait?
Young children are easily tricked, or fooled.
This scripture likens being easily tricked
about what’s right or wrong
to being tossed about
by the waves of the ocean
and blown around by the wind.
If you think of a piece of wood
floating in a turbulent ocean
or a piece of paper in a windstorm,
there’s no stability or direction.
Both can be easily maneuvered
to go anywhere—take any position.
Well, that’s true of very young children
who often can be easily deceived.
For example, if given a choice
between a shiny coin of little value
and paper money of great value,
the shiny coin will likely be chosen.
But now, here’s the point:
What do our spiritual choices
reveal about us?
Do our choices in regard to music
and other entertainment,
clothing, and grooming indicate
that we’re being fooled
even slightly by Satan and his world?
Yes, Satan is bent on tricking us,
but Jehovah tells us
at 1 Corinthians 14:20
(the scripture we read earlier):
“Do not become young children
in your understanding.”
But now, please turn to Matthew 11:16, 17.
Here we’ll find
the third negative trait of a child
that we do not want to imitate:
“With whom will I compare this generation?
“It is like young children
sitting in the marketplaces
“who call out to their playmates, saying:
“‘We played the flute for you,
but you did not dance;
we wailed, but you
did not beat yourselves in grief.’”
Jesus was saying that adult people
were acting like children.
Children love to play.
So the negative trait of young children
is that they prefer play over responsibility.
Think about it: The vast majority
of the waking hours of a small child
are spent playing
—play, play, and more play.
Most of their life is fun and games.
But later, when the child goes to school,
where does he get the time to do so?
He has to take it from his playtime.
But now, spiritually speaking,
we can ask ourselves,
‘How far have we progressed
in buying out time from our playtime?’
Ephesians 5:16 encourages us
to ‘make the best use of our time.’
Literally, according to the footnote,
this scripture is telling us
to ‘buy out the appointed time’
—that is, buy it from less important things.
So the question for all of us is,
Have we bought out
the majority of our playtime
for more important
spiritual responsibilities?
Now, we’ve discussed three negative traits
of a young child that we want to avoid.
If we had time, we could have discussed
other negative traits to be avoided,
such as how children tend
to have a short attention span
(they’re easily distracted),
their curiosity often gets them into trouble,
and they generally
need a lot of time and attention
(they’re high-maintenance).
But now let’s briefly discuss
three positive traits
of a young child that we do well to imitate.
Positive characteristic number one
is at 1 Corinthians 14:20,
which we read at the outset.
That scripture tells us
to “be young children as to badness.”
So, what’s the characteristic
that we want to imitate?
Young children are innocent,
inexperienced, when it comes to badness.
Or put another way,
they haven’t done many truly bad things.
Like children, we don’t want
to gain knowledge
or experience in what is bad.
For example, when it comes to pornography,
we want no experience whatsoever
in regard to this filthy thing
of Satan’s world.
When it comes to television programs
that are designated for a “mature audience,”
remember to tell yourself,
‘I’m not old enough; I’m a young child.’
For positive characteristic number two,
let’s consider Matthew 18:2-4:
“So calling a young child to him,
“he [Jesus] stood him
in their midst and said:
“‘Truly I say to you, unless you turn around
“‘and become as young children,
“‘you will by no means enter
into the Kingdom of the heavens.
“‘Therefore, whoever
will humble himself like this young child
is the one who is the greatest
in the Kingdom of the heavens.’”
What’s the desirable trait?
Young children are humble and teachable.
Young children ask many questions
because they want to learn,
but grown-ups
are often hesitant to ask questions.
Why?
They don’t want to look uninformed.
But acting like we know something
when we don’t is actually dishonest
and probably motivated by pride.
The point is,
Don’t be afraid to reveal
what you don’t know.
Remain humble and teachable like a child.
Now let’s identify
desirable trait number three
by going to Matthew 21:15, 16:
“When the chief priests and the scribes
“saw the marvelous things he did
“and the boys who
were shouting in the temple,
“‘Save, we pray, the Son of David!’
“they became indignant and said to him:
“‘Do you hear what these are saying?’
“Jesus said to them
“‘Yes. Did you never read this,
“‘“Out of the mouth of children and infants
you have brought forth praise”?’”
So, what desirable characteristic
can we identify?
Young children
are exuberant and enthusiastic.
Well, in like manner,
we want to remain exuberant and expressive
about Jehovah, Jesus,
the Kingdom, and other spiritual things.
Psalm 145:7 encourages us to “bubble over”
and “shout joyfully”
because of these wonderful things.
And we never want to lose
that childlike enthusiasm.
Well, there we have
three desirable traits of a young child
that we want to do our utmost to imitate.
If we had time, we could discuss
several other positive characteristics,
such as how children tend to be trusting,
not prejudiced, and not hypocritical.
But now in review, may each of us
prayerfully strive not to be childish
when it comes to (1) immature feeding habits,
(2) being easily tricked, or fooled,
and (3) preferring play over responsibility.
On the other hand,
may each of us
prayerfully strive to be childlike
when it comes to being
(1) innocent and inexperienced
concerning badness,
(2) humble and teachable,
and (3) exuberant and enthusiastic
about spiritual things!
The Bible contains many accounts
of faithful men and women.
We can learn from their examples.
In the following dramatization,
notice what a family learns from Samuel.
Samuel was only my age
when Jehovah spoke to him.
He respected Eli,
but he had to stand up for what was right.
I never thought that I’d have
to do something similar.
I loved my brother,
and I always wanted to be like him.
But those pictures of him partying with kids
from school showed
he was living a double life.
I didn’t want to get him in trouble.
But I knew I had to say something.
I told him he had to tell Mom and Dad.
He warned me not to tell.
But Samuel was courageous
and “did not hide anything,”
and “Jehovah himself was with him.”
I couldn’t hide this.
Talking to my parents wasn’t easy,
but I knew it was the right thing to do.
Of course, we were proud of Danny.
But . . .
. . . at the time,
we were a little distracted.
Maybe, somehow it
was all just a misunderstanding.
We needed to know what was going on.
We just wanted to help him.
We couldn’t help but blame ourselves
for what was happening.
Then we thought back to Samuel’s example.
Samuel, you need to listen to us.
You’re getting old, Samuel,
and your sons are not like you.
They cheat, and they take bribes.
They bend Jehovah’s rules
any way they please.
Even faithful Samuel had sons
who deviated from Jehovah’s standards.
We wanted to help our son.
Just as Samuel didn’t alter his course
and Jehovah stood by him,
we knew that if we did things His way,
He’d stand by us.
Did you see the loyalty
the younger son showed
by bringing the matter
to the attention of his parents?
Did you also notice
the loyalty the parents showed
by going to the elders for assistance?
After the parents
were able to talk to the elders,
we hope that the older son
was able to get the help he needed
and that the discipline
brought him to his senses.
Has your child left Jehovah?
Do you blame yourself?
If so, remember
that Jehovah stood by faithful Samuel,
and He will stand by you.
He’ll help you endure.
Another challenge we face today
is remaining united
in a deeply divided world.
During the 1950’s and 1960’s,
racial tensions in the United States
greatly intensified.
How were Jehovah’s people
affected during that period?
And how did they maintain unity?
Let’s look for the answers to those questions
in the following report.
My mother always said,
“Jehovah did not intend
for all of us to look alike.”
In those early days,
we would work every house in the county
—black families, white families, any color.
At school, there was pressure there
to be involved with the racial activity.
We would hear
about the problems and the issues.
It would be in the news,
and you would know
what was going on in the South.
Some may wonder,
‘How is it that our people,
‘that is, Jehovah’s Witnesses,
black and white,
‘could maintain such unity
when the world around them
was falling apart?’
I grew up in central New York
—Utica, New York.
And I remember
in the Kingdom Ministry  back in 1956,
there were articles
about serving where the need is great.
They needed some of the black friends
to serve in the South.
I married my husband, Earl McGee,
on June 2, 1956.
When we were married,
Brother T. J. Sullivan gave a talk
at the Hallandale convention
on serving where the need is greater.
He encouraged not only families but,
he said, newly married couples.
And so we planned for it,
and he wrote the branch.
We were assigned to Florida,
and then in 1962,
we started in the circuit work.
And our first circuit was in Alabama,
and it was not integrated.
We served together, Edna and I did,
in the pioneer work by assignment.
The last assignment was
the Society assigning us
to North Carolina and then
from there to the circuit work.
After the first circuit,
which was in the Carolinas and Georgia,
we were assigned to Gilead.
I got married on April 23, 1949.
I’ve been in full-time service
70 years with my wife.
I was assigned
to Circuit 18 in Alabama.
My first circuit assignment
was in Mississippi.
It had the reputation
as the worst state
in the Union for race relations.
And then after we got there,
there were three civil rights workers
who were killed in Philadelphia, Mississippi.
That was our circuit.
So those were the things we had to deal with.
We were busy in our ministry,
so it didn’t bother us very much.
The black worked the black,
and the white worked the white.
So we just obeyed the customary law
of staying segregated.
Lots of movements were happening,
and people were, you know, very hostile.
When there was a march or any tension
where we were serving there in Alabama,
we wouldn’t go
to the town on Saturday afternoon
to do street witnessing
because if there was a rally
or something going on,
we would just stay in the neighborhood.
A lot were what they
used to call back then Freedom Riders,
people getting on buses going south,
and people coming in to register voters.
The fact is,
some of the civil rights organizations
were set up in Mississippi
and going pretty strong.
So as a result, they would think
that because we were active
in going door to door,
we could just incorporate civil rights issues
and things like that into our work.
One of our classmates in the 27th class
was a black brother, a fellow student,
and we became very close friends there.
After we left Gilead,
we were going to our assignments
and we stopped at a convention in Alabama.
And the convention was segregated
—one race on one side
and one race on another.
And it was very difficult
—painful—
for us not to be able
to closely associate with our dear friend.
So we had this talk show on the television.
The circuit overseer and I went
and also a Catholic priest
and an Episcopal minister.
So the Episcopal minister, a young minister,
asked what were we doing
about the marching.
So I told him that we weren’t doing
anything about the marching.
Well, that showed a contrast.
I’m black, and he’s white.
They weren’t stopping
their marching to help us preach
the good news of the Kingdom,
so we weren’t going to stop
preaching the good news
of the Kingdom to help them march.
The brothers always
were interested in each other.
So if there was a black congregation
and a white congregation,
we had interest and fellow feeling for both.
The rule was we were not to meet together,
and we couldn’t meet together.
But we could talk to one another,
and we could visit one another.
So I think there was
great support on both sides,
black and white brothers, back in those days.
If we had a problem
getting a facility, for example,
they’d have contacts
and they could get certain things done.
So, basically, we worked together.
The congregation started integrating
after certain civil rights laws were passed.
We had a big meeting of all the elders,
and we worked out the territory assignments
and whatever else was necessary
to have integrated congregations.
Some friends would feel,
and maybe rightly so at the time,
that there would be
some violence if we integrated.
There probably were
some Kingdom Halls damaged
and things like that as a result.
But the fact is,
there was integration
going on in other places
—in the schools and things like that
and in the universities and colleges.
And so it was obvious that if they
could do it, then we even more so.
The process of integration
was successful
because it was under Jehovah’s direction.
Both black and white,
we had the same thing in common:
We loved Jehovah.
And despite us,
Jehovah got it done for us
and brought us together.
And we have been unified ever since.
Everyone could see that we were united.
One brother was working from door to door,
black and white, and a lady
came to the door (white),
and she said she was happy
to see this unity take place.
She had looked forward to it for a long time.
We have formed, with Jehovah’s help
by means of his holy spirit,
a worldwide brotherhood.
Granted, they have their imperfections,
but it is a brotherhood
and something to be truly marveled at.
The brothers began to feel
what we knew was true:
We’re all one organization.
They began to feel it.
They began to experience it.
We loved Jehovah,
and we loved our brothers,
so there you have it.
How could you fail to have unity
when Jehovah had drawn you together?
Satan is the prime one to divide people.
Jesus died for the whole world of mankind,
so who would that exclude?
No one.
Did you notice what helped
our brothers maintain unity
during that difficult time?
First: Despite prevailing customs,
our brothers
—black and white—
supported each other, helped each other,
and worked together
to advance Kingdom interests.
Second: They remained focused on the ministry
and did not get involved
with social movements.
They wanted all to know that God’s Kingdom
is the only solution to mankind’s problems,
including the plague of prejudice
and racial inequality.
Third: They demonstrated love for Jehovah
and love for the brothers.
As Brother Benford said,
“How could you fail to have unity
when Jehovah had drawn you together?”
Impartiality, humility,
kindness—these are godly qualities
and childlike qualities
that our new music video illustrates.
Jesus kindly showed us
That we must be as young ones,
Remembering that in a world of pride,
We need a heart just like a child.
We value others, seeing what God sees
through his impartial eyes.
Just like a child,
we want to love one another,
With our eyes just seeing
the good in each other.
Just like a child,
we want to be full of kindness,
With our eyes
not focused on what could divide us.
And as we’re getting older
In a world that’s getting colder,
We easily could question others’ ways,
Their motives, and the things they say.
And seeing others as above us
is rare this day and age.
Just like a child,
we want to love one another,
With our eyes
just seeing the good in each other.
Just like a child,
we want to be full of kindness,
With our eyes
not focused on what could divide us.
Be just like a child.
While we keep growing,
Serving Jehovah,
And finding joy in
The part we’re playing,
We must remember
That in a world of pride,
We need a heart like that of a child.
Just like a child,
we want to love one another,
With our eyes
just seeing the good in each other.
Just like a child,
we want to be full of kindness,
With our eyes
not focused on what could divide us.
Be just like a child.
What a beautiful song!
We need a childlike heart more than ever.
In many parts of the world,
it’s customary to judge people
on the basis of their race or age
or by how much money they have.
In our next segment,
we’ll hear from brothers and sisters
who have successfully
resisted such influences.
I grew up in a country where people judge you
according to the color of your skin.
There was black, white, mixed race,
but we all kept separate.
I needed to learn,
not to see color, but to see people.
Even though it’s such a multicultural area,
there is still this prejudice that exists.
I’ve witnessed times
where ones from another country
are often left isolated or are treated
in a way that they’re not welcome here.
If we’re not careful, these attitudes
could creep into the congregation.
We could have isolated groups
of cultures that maybe would stick together.
In the area where I grew up,
young ones show great respect for older ones.
Older ones, however,
do not give much importance to young people.
This attitude, or culture,
has a major impact on recommendations
of young ones as elders in the congregation.
We might say, ‘In my opinion, he is too young
to be appointed as an elder
in the congregation.’
In this area, people sort of open up to you
when you appear rich.
In some areas, they would even wonder
what you are doing there
if you don’t have the right kind of looks
in terms of what you can afford to wear,
what kind of car you can afford to drive,
what your profession is.
If we brought that with us
into the Christian congregation,
then what Solomon mentions
could be the case
—that we actively seek the friendship
of those whom we regard to be rich
and abandon those who are poor.
I like the example in Galatians of Peter.
He grew up in an area
where there was a lot of prejudice.
It wasn’t something
that he overcame straightaway.
If I’m not careful,
I think it would be easy for me
to slide back and see people
as a different race,
and that would affect the way I view
my brothers and sisters in the congregation.
The article mentions
that when we use the Bible,
it helps us to make changes.
We need to constantly look at ourselves
so that we can continue to make progress.
In the article, it mentioned
about ‘opening our hearts wide’
—whether it’d be
working with them in the ministry
or having them over socially,
not just from the same group
that we might be comfortable with,
but actually with different ones
from different backgrounds.
Timothy was still a young man,
but the apostle Paul
had given him heavy responsibility
in the congregation.
The article mentions that ‘the Scriptures
do not give an exact age
for recommendation of brothers
as ministerial servants or elders.’
Recommending a younger brother
as an elder in the congregation
has been a great blessing to us.
In the article, there was a little phrase
that has become a guiding principle for me.
Jehovah does not judge
our relationship with him
by what we possess.
So when I meet new brothers and sisters
and for a moment I’m tempted
to judge, or view, them
according to those sentiments
as to whether they are rich or poor,
that principle comes into my mind.
My focus, therefore,
shifts to who they really are
in terms of their devotion to Jehovah
—their faith.
That is what we build friendships on.
I have friends
from different cultures, different races.
And I don’t see them as color,
but I see my brother or my sister.
I’ve got the most amazing friendships
with ones
from different backgrounds and cultures
—something I will always, always cherish.
So our congregation
is a wonderful place for everybody.
There is no emphasis
on who is rich and who is poor.
Friendships are built
on the basis of our love for Jehovah.
This month’s program
encouraged us to be childlike.
We learned from the encouraging example
of servants of Jehovah in the past.
We saw that love for Jehovah
and our brothers unites us,
even during times of social unrest.
We were reminded that, like a child,
we want to be impartial,
loving, and kind.
And we heard expressions from brothers
who have learned to treat others fairly
no matter their race, age,
wealth, or anything else
that could divide them.
Now it’s time for our video postcard,
which comes to us
from the Czech Republic, also called Czechia.
Czechia is a land
of deep forests, farmland, vineyards,
as well as medieval castles,
towns, and cities.
Prague, the capital, was established
more than a thousand years ago.
It has a rich religious history.
God’s name can be found
on many churches
and structures.
Czechia is home
to more than 15,000 Jehovah’s Witnesses.
There are 32 congregations in Prague.
This is the Prague-Dejvice Congregation,
which has 84 publishers,
including 13 regular pioneers.
Their territory is large and diverse.
They preach in the historic center of Prague
in neighborhoods, parks,
and on university campuses.
The congregation includes
a Spanish-speaking group,
with 12 publishers,
of which 8 are regular pioneers.
This group serves the entire city.
Zbynek and Jarmila Bucifal
helped to secretly produce Bible literature
during the Communist regime,
when the work
of Jehovah’s Witnesses was banned.
Zbynek was forced
to work in a coal mine
for remaining neutral
and refusing to serve in the military.
After the regime change,
he served as a circuit overseer.
Our brothers and sisters
in the Prague-Dejvice Congregation
send their warm, loving greetings
to all of you.
Earlier, we showed you a preview
of this year’s “Always Rejoice!” conventions.
But would you like a glimpse
of this year’s feature Bible drama,
which brings to life the story
of courageous Nehemiah?
Please enjoy!
Far from Israel lived a Jew
whom the king of Persia
trusted with his life.
He believed his people were carrying
on pure worship in Jerusalem
—until one day . . .
The walls of Jerusalem are broken down,
and its gates have been burned with fire.
Most of the people ignore God’s Law.
Rebuilding the walls was only the beginning.
We have many powerful enemies.
I recommend we turn
the accusation of sedition against Nehemiah.
Nehemiah is far away in Shushan.
Who is going to tell him?
This is my province!
Out here, I decide what to do.
I have a right to live where I choose,
and so do you.
They would need help to face what
was about to come next.
Every man must find
his own joy, and I intend to find mine.
Why should you complain
when everyone else approves?
If we let mere threats
frighten us into stopping, they will have
achieved their goal.
Are you going to wait
until they start killing us?
We’re powerless to stop this.
Do remember me favorably, O my God.
We know you’ll enjoy the convention.
And it’s my pleasure to announce
that we’ll conclude the convention on Sunday
with a new original song.
The song and lyrics are now available
on jw.org®.
The Governing Body requests
that everyone in the congregation
please practice the new song
before going to the convention.
If someone in your congregation
needs help to download the song,
please help them and practice with them.
Then together we’ll sing out
with all of our heart to Jehovah’s praise.
That brings this month’s program to an end.
Please know that the Governing Body loves
all of you brothers and sisters very much.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting!